Company : Accionlabs
Duration : 15 minutes
Interviewer : guruvaih
Interviewer said Company wants SRE profile. 
Said.
Questions :
1) grafana
2) ELK
3) what is your approach, how to install docker inside a docker image.
4) what is service mesh in kubernetes. 
5) if we are using 1000 of server means it ll take lots money. How ll u optimize cost.
6) how ll u install libraries in ubantu image

 Accions labs
what exactaly jenkins pipelines ?
how jenkins connect kubernates and plugins  using plugins?
write jenkins pipe lines
how to monitro kubernetive cluster?
heml chart design kubernatics and premathuse ?
design a heml chart?
what kind of database premathues use?
and why we use 
why use ansible in project?
write ansible playbook?
terraform and ansible diffrent?
network loadbalance and application laod balancer?

Accion Labs
how to intall setup of kubernets ec2 instance?
basic componets of k8s?
how build used to happen in jenkins?
diffrence btw diclative and scripted pipe line in jenkins give solutionn side by side
there is merge conflict to raise pr, how we can resolve that?
there are two commit adocker command and explain ?
nd both are identical how we can fix?
i have k8s installed on azure service at time load and image getting pulled and less server is there to clean up i have to write only linux command.
what is default port for tomcat server
how was tomcat use in which senario?
sprint?
jira what purpose we use?
ansible write a play book that talk to window server?
inventor file hold for window server?
diffrence btw anscomppoents of terrafom architecture?
ible and shef pupet?
what information willl you provide for window server , ansible?
docker file and what it must carry?
there are two comitaner registory a and b, and i have image in a and need that in to copy in b, we can do that using docker command ?
jenkins pipe line build the code i want to deployment from dev to production how we can do using docker command
terraform, what are kind of script can be develop please write some of script?
why terraform use for devOps?
what is null resource in terraform?
what are the compitator for terraform in aws?
basic command of terraform,
what is statefile in terraform?
terraform tf statefile will be crated?
what is security groups in aws, why we need?
local exc provisinor?
diffent label in central inforcement?
log the state file, how we can do that?
kubernatics, diffrence btw deamonset and statefull set?
what are diffrent type k8s services?
ngrex services?
way restart pod?
wap base script does rollout of deployment?
keda?

