Accolite Digital India Private
Duration : 45
Interviewer name : prashant
Questions :
1) How to host dynamic website in aws?
2) What is aws fargate?
3) what is EKS?
4) asked about RDS?
5) how to deploy android application using EKS?
6) what happens when master node fails in eks
8) what are the featutes of aws lambda and aws fargate
9) write docker file?
10) difference bet copy and add?
11) what is your approach for multistage build 
12) what is your approach to get more than 5TB of data from  from s3 bucket in single click or some delay occur?
13) one question on AKS?
14) write jenkins file  to deploy android application?
15) what is your approach to get artifactory for android application?
16) what is your approach for deploying android application using canary deployment.
17) if master node fails what ll happens to downtime and self healing capability of master node

Accolite Digital
1. shell script perform cleanup activity 
2. when log files older than 10 days archive them. path /home/example/logs/
set cron to run at 12am
3. ancible rols and use
4. ansible playbooks and roles
5. what si skills and monitoring 

1) tell me about yourself, experience, How many projects you have worked and current project and company name.
2) day to day activity
3) what is serverless
4) if your instance is unhealthy how ll u automate to create another instance automatically in aws. 
5)for an instance 5 EBS volumes are attached. among 5 ebs volumes only 2 ebs volumes are mounted. How ll u know mounted volumes and how ll remove unmounted volumes.
6) if you have a instance in mumbai region, how ll u create same instance on japan region
7) what is kubectl
8) How many files will be available on jenkins
9) you are running a job on jenkins, it  running several file, i want to take backup of a perticular file. How ll i take backup of perticular file.
10) if you have 5 users in linux server, one of user has changed the file permission as read only. No one is able to change the file permission.
How ll u reset file permission.
11) what is iam

Accolite
	Duration: 23min
	Interviewer_name: Prasadh
	Questions: 
	1) Tell me about yourself and your day-to-day activities.
	2) Expalin CI/CD pipeline.
	3) Explain the complete process of SRE.
	4) What is public, private and hybrid cloud?
	5) High memory utilization alert in scenarios what are the troubleshooting steps?
    6) What is a cron job?
    7) What are key fearute in Grafana?
    8) What is a control manager in Kubernetes?
    9) What is SAS(software as Service)?
    10) Explain the production code error like 400, 500, or API API error?

