Annalect

1.Introduce yourself and tell me about the tools that you have worked on 
2. How much experience do you have on terraform 
3. How much experience on AWS
4. What are the services you worked on AWS
5. Inline policy and custom policy difference
6. Can you write a custom managed policy 
7. I want to access S3 bucket from an ec2 instance explain me the process 
8. S3 bucket related basic questions
9. What are the type of load balancer you worked on 
10. Suppose I want to create a load balancer scenario wherein I have a domain abc.com I want to create an application 
	load balancer from an instance how do we achieve that
11. Docker do you have expertise
12. Take a scenario wherein I need to keep updating a particular application how do I achieve that 
13. Jenkins how much experience
14. What is the cicd process that your following in your current organisation explain to me
15. After creating an image where do you push to it
16. Do you have an hands-on experience on eks
17. What are add-on in eks 
18. Namespace
19. Any language you used 
20. What are you written using shell script
21. What are the automation use case using shell script you did in your work
22. can you write a configuration file 
23. Have you got experience on writing helm charts

Annalect
	Duration: 51min
	Interviewer_name: Sumanth
	Questions: 
	1) Tell me about yourself and your day-to-day activities.
	2) write a script to clean up the log files under the folder under the folder.
	3) How do you identify the process which is consuming more memory?
	4) How do you identify a process that is consuming more input-output operation?
	5) How do you set up a static website using S3?
    6) What is d btw ALB, NLB & GWLB?
    7) How do you deploy lambda, if you don't have a console.
    8) How do you autoscaling using memory ec2?
    9) Can you tell me the steps to migrate the s3 bucket from one region and another region?
	10) What are the different types of records available in Route53?
	11) Write Jenkins pipeline code with 5 stages?
	12) What is diff btw volume mount and volume bind in Docker?
	13) How do you find a container that is consuming more space in a Linux machine?
	
