Encora
Duration : 28 minutes
Interviewer : vijaykumar

Questions
1) introduce yourself and day to day activity
2) what is sre
3) what is the difference between sre and devops
4) what is the difficulty you have faced in your project
5) how ll transfer data from one region to another region in s3
6) difference between cloud watch and cloud trail
7 ) how ll u update patch in your running server after 6 month of deployment
8) default port of nginx server
9) default port of tomcat server
10) suppose your server is running slow what ll u do. How ll u trouble shoot
11) how ll u check logs in aws
12) how ll u transfer 20 TB data from one region to another region in S3
13) what are sre roles
14) how ll u reduce docker file size
15) how ll u refresh server
16) if your server goes down immediately how ll automate to recreate another server
17) suppose 5 jobs are running on jenkins how ll execute these 5 jobs parall
18) what is default port of ms sql
19) if server goes down immediately how ll trouble shoot and which command will u use for that. What is your approach
20) what is kubectl

Encora

what are the major, fields in cicd pipeline?
support you are working in company a shown aws process, and now a occupied b compaly and you have task to connect network, how you will connect in aws?
vpc pairing steps?
you have 4 linux server, and you have to attached share drive service within all server how we can do in aws
you want to control dominant bond tyraffice how to handle ecp and vpc label?s3 diffrent storage classes in s3
you put some data  in graciourr  , how we can retrieve data from glaciar?
jenkins, what kind of tasks can be done by jenkinds?
k8s integration with jenkins?
credate kubernet pods define file, using value group, name label, container?iam, how many ways you can provide access to the user?
here asre 10 to 15 user there are some power policies how we can provide access? 

Encora
Duration : 20 minutes
Interviewer : swaroop

Questions
1) tell me about youself
2) difference between git pull and fetch
3)difference between configmap and secrets
4) what is docker file
5) how to connect onpremises data base to aws
6) what is iam
7) what is the difference between terraform plan and terraform apply
8) what is state file
9) what is role in ansible
10) what is fact in ansible
11) what is the advantage of terraform
12) what is git sqatch
13) difference between horizontal and vertical scaling
14) have u worked on sonar qube
15) have u set up kubernetes cluster

Encora

Questions
1) tell me about yourself
2) how ll u give new developer access to kubernete cluster
3) what is context path
4) if apply terraform apply if you didn't get exact infrastructure means how ll u rollback previous state
5) have created eks cluster from terraform
6) where ll u store shared library in jenkins
7) how ll u integrate kubernetes with jenkins
8) have u worked on helm chart
9) what is crashloop backup error
10) what is image pull backup error
11) what is state file
12) have u worked on eks cluster
13) what is the difference between role, role binding and cluster role binding
14) what is the horizontal autoscaling and vertical autoscaling
15) if you want to change the configuration in pod, will change directly or create another pod
16) how ll u give access to any developer to your pod
17) what is affinity and antiaffinity
18) when we will use taint and toleration, 
19) how ll u configure jenkins with github
20) how ll u give pod access to outside world
21) scenario based questions has asked.
22) how to connect database in kubernetes cluster.
23) how ll u give log checking access to developer in kubernetes cluster.

Encora
	Duration: 17min
	Interviewer_name: Vijay
	Questions: 
	1) Tell me about yourself And day to day activities.
	2) Explain to me anything you worked on in automation.
	3) 404 alert is coming in any monitoring tools how do you resolve this issue?
	4) you are trying to access Webapp, and that web app giving 500 errors, what is reason and how will you troubleshoot?
	5) What is SRE?
	6) How do you manage Kubernetes deployments?
	7) What is the purpose of the Helm chart using in your environment?
	8) Any CI/CD pipeline you are using?
	9) What is differnce btw Devops engineer and SRE?
	10) What is cost optimization in AWS?
	11) In AWS one web app is running Which load balancer did you configure and why?
	12) What are all the security groups you will check if everything is fine or not in AWS?
	13) You want to monitor one app thoroughly how will check and why?
	
Encora
application requerment stratogy using terraform?
you want to make sure you application never goes down in one resion, even with the reasion outrage?
what is ami configuration
how to you maintain traffic?
how do you go back perticular commit on later master comit in git command?
git cherry-pick?
Branching stretogy ?
p1, p2, p3, p4 what are thosue?
premotheus graphana?
keebana dashboard configuration?
explain cicd pipeline?
master, slave in jenkins explain?
terraform, tfvar to create instance?
create ec2 using terraform 
what is statefile in terraform?
if you edit statefile, what are the process will happen?
git clone vs git fork diff btw git fetch and git merge?
how to fix git conflit?
integration test 
what is state locking?
kubernatics, architecture?
kubernatics sevices?
diffrence between statefull and stateless?
what is blue green deployment?
deployment stratogy?
what is replicaset?
replicaset and replica controller diffrences?

encora

Questions
1) tell me about yourself
2) how ll u give new developer access to kubernetse cluster
3) what is context path
4) if apply terraform apply if you didn't get exact infrastructure means how ll u rollback previous state
5) have created eks cluster from terraform
6) where ll u store shared library in jenkins
7) how ll u integrate kubernetes with jenkins
8) have u worked on helm chart
9) what is crashloop backup error
10) what is image pull backup error
11) what is state file
12) have u worked on eks cluster
13) what is the difference between role, role binding and cluster role binding
14) what is the horizontal autoscaling and vertical autoscaling
15) if you want to change the configuration in pod, will change directly or create another pod
16) how ll u give access to any developer to your pod
17) what is affinity and antiaffinity
18) when we will use taint and toleration, 
19) how ll u configure jenkins with github
20) how ll u give pod access to outside world
21) scenario based questions has asked.
22) how to connect database in kubernetes cluster.
23) how ll u give log checking access to developer in kubernetes cluster

Encora
kubernatics: production ?
explain kubernatics architecture?
what is tuple
list in python
explain cicd pipeline?
production and preprodcution difference?
elk
what are the need to run kubernet service?
what is control plane in k8s? is IT PERCISTANCE OR NON PERCITANCE?
cicd flow to buld image deploy k8s in jenkins?
what is branching stretogy?
docker limit mempory file ram size what parameter we neend to use?
DICLARATIVE AND SCRIPTED PIPELINE DIFFRENCES?
which one will use jenkins pipeline?
what is agile process
datatype use in pyhon


