EY interview Questions

jenkins file for kubernrtes deployment
what do you mean by null resorces in terraform
tent resorces in terraform?
what is use of the cli command terraform refresh?
what is significant of statefile?
there are 10 to 15 resources and there i need to selectivaly destrol, write cli comamnd?
what are diff kind of provisinor resource tf?
signiicant of validate command?
aws what is vpc peering and what prerequisite we need to take care of
which specifica subnet natgate setting?
what is netgateway?
where we spinup nat gateway 	
diff between security group and nacl?
WHAT is launch template ?
what is lounch configaration?
load balancer stikyness?
connection dranning?
what is user data script?
git , diff between git pull and git fetch?
diffce btw git revert and git reset?
shell scriping shibang?
shell script, run in debug mode
docker: what if diff btw  copy and add?
jenkins pipeline, what diff btw scripted and declartive ?
User
what is shared library and syntex to call shared lib?
maven, what diff shapshot and release?
what is significant term distribustion management tag in pom file?
why do we require git even we do have server
git commands to save the file in local and push on deployment?
k8s cluster?
how do you use terraform and where we use terraform?
kubernetics, stablished conenct between two connections?
how to connect to k8s cluster 
how to connect 2 k8s cluster 
can we restrict traffic in k8s eingress
i want to restrck external traffic and drop k8s
want to restrck outgoing traffic and drop k8s?
what type of application k8s hosted ?
stateless and statefull?
major diffrence between above two?
deployment methology follow ?
 what is your role and what you have done in devops engineer answer properly ?
 kubernatics cluster what woyld you do ? 
 when you apply tf apply result need to be replace and want to keep the result ? what you will do?
 kubernates from scrach create? 
 how to manage cluster ?
 what is swegger?
 api services ?
 testing automation work?
 jenkinds seleniums write test cases?
 
EY
	Duration: 14min
	Interviewer_name: Shubham
	Questions: 
	1) Tell me about yourself And day to day activities.
	2) Explain the Jenkins Slave master architecture.
	3) How is the Slave agent able to establish a connection master?
	4) How do you declare variables in Jenkins scripts or What is the syntax for declaring variables in Jenkins?
	5) What is blue ocean and how will configure?
	6) How will you create CI/CD pipeline for the new enterprise?


EY
how to manage terraform statefile?
you need to config backend terraform statefile, what we need in s3 bucket?
how to enable?
for terraform you have few resources is not part of tf, but you need to bring under terraform, how will you do that?
import one ec2 instaces to import terraform state, what would be staeps ?
command after import, how to update terraform configuration command?
aws provider version ,you may need to update version aws provided version , what are the things to need to configure , so what does not brake?
upgrade activity, aws provider?
you have organization setup, you cann't go and manage you need center setup in aws how it works?
you have an s3 bucket and running in an account you have some user role working in other account what are the changes need and where need ?
s3 side where we need to attache json?
you have some resources,  you want connect, you want to access smtp and some other thing, what the palces need to allow ?
you are using direct connect to established connection what are the things need to use direct connection, after security group?
aws connectivity?aws authentication
you want to give acces to new user in aws how will you give?


 