Company name : GalaxE
Duration : 30 min
Interviewer :prashant
Questions :
1) tell me about your daily task.
2) how ll get daily issue?
3) what is your approach to solve daily  issue?
4) apart from CICD pipeline have you done any other work in jenkins?
5) write docker file and explain?
6) what is docker layer and how ll you know how many docker layers are there in docker file
7) difference between NACL and security group
8) how ll u access private subnet without using Nat gateway and internet gateway what is your approach
9) if server goes down what ll u do
10) difference between entrypoint and cmd
11) difference between stateless and statefull
12) without assigning out bound role how ll get response from instance
13) how to install apache tomcat on ubuntu linux.
14) consider you have created one instance manually with tag A in aws.  And you have created another instance using 
	terraform with tag A = B. What ll happens to first instance.
15) if your duty timing is from 9am to  5pm, if server goes down at 7am, how ll u get notification. And what is your approach 
	to resolve the issue.
	
GalaxE
Duration : 18 minutes
Interviewer : paschu chawahan

1) Tell me about yourself
And day to day activity
2) tell about your project. and where ll u deploy bot in your project. 
3) How ll define dependancy in terraform
4) where ll u deploy your code in project
5) which plugin you have used for codes quality check
6 ) which plugin you have used for code merging
7) how ll u set up cicd
8) how ll you deploy code in deployment
9) ansible play book
10) where ll u mention host in ansible playbook

Galaxe solutions
1. write a script pipeline script get from git and and build and deploy, build docker image and push the image,  using jenkins, 
2. deploy on tomcat server and kubernets as well
3. deployment yml file 
4. what different services use in aws
5. i have website and applications it's sas based application so the appllication has multile microservices and there could be 
	realation database and this application there this application actually for bussiness expalmle as jira, they all will in 
	diffrent country across the global, just take one web and microservices one react and one java base, for this we have clint 
	from india and europe please design reginal lavel diagram vpn and resign based diagram, please design 
6. which database youwill use here and why

