Harman 

was to print ls -lrt result
trigger a job at every 5 second
what is use of ps -ef?
command to attach ebs 
apache or tomcat, app is running you make some change in config an restarted and servecie not coming how to
500 error code
roles sre perform?
how to  prometheus setup?
how to authinticate ec2 instances
how to do update kubernetes infra using jenkins 
how we intigrate terraformwith jenkins

Harman
day to day activies for devOps engineer?
what resources use in cloud side
you have 100 outlets in india, unfortunaticlly some store is down, how to find out where is problem and how to fix that as devOps SRE engineer?
if sometime app go down what will you do?
currentyly prod 1.1. is ther i want deploy 1.2 and something is not working how to fix this we'll roll back or we'll try to fix 1.2 version
1.1 and 1.2 is working non prod, currectly we're deploing 1.2 and custemer saying site is not working properly how i can find out many client effected on that perticular time
jenkins, how a devOps enginer build infrastucture and do every thing start from scratch?
build is completed, and some one has taken build and buid succes, deploing in dev env for every build, does it will check resources?
before doing deployment, we have to check resources, if resources isn't avilable, will it will create new onw, 
User
2 / 2
if terraform check is there then deploy if its not there create, whre you iwll define?
i have one instance name xyz and if i trigger terraform again it shoulf not create xys1 again where we'll define?
new developer join team, i have cloned git and pushed changes where it will go?
how to restrict master branch to push ?
 new developer joined and already code is there in branch i just want to deploy,, what are the option for automatic deploymenta? i don't have any new code changes and it's automated branch?
can we use empty commmit?
you have site in india, and and we don;t have custer outside of india how we'll restrict outside from india?
retrict website outside of india how will you do?
amazon has site in us, uk, india, and i have travel site xyz india and uk, if uk site is down, how will you fix this issue?
traffice manager?

Harman
	Duration: 20min
	Interviewer_name: Prashanth
	Questions: 
	1) Tell me about yourself and your day-to-day activities.
	2) What are key fearute in Grafana?
	3) What is a control manager in Kubernetes?
	4) What is public, private and hybrid cloud?
	5) What is SAS(software as Service)?
    6) What is a cron job?
    7) Expalin CI/CD pipeline.
    8) Explain the complete process of SRE.
    9) High memory utilization alert in scenarios what are the troubleshooting steps?
	10) Explain the production code error like 400, 500, or API API error?

