Innova solution interview questions
1. SQL fetch emp name,  salary where emps salary less than qual to Rita salary
2. Define service label indicators 
3. Key features of microservices 
4. SLO AND SLI
5. Architecture of splunk
6.Union  in mysql

Innova Solutions
Duration : 35 minutes
Interviewer : Srujjan
Questions
1) tell me about yourself
2) explain day to day activity
3) difference between process and thread
4) what is an index
5) difference between soft link and hard link
6) how to fetch first row and last row from database
7) Wha is TCP
8) what is SLO
9) what is oracle report
10) what is your role in project explain
11) what is budget error.

Innova Solutions
	Questions: 
	1) Tell me about yourself.
	2) How to set up the three-tier application in AWS?
	3) Explain the steps to create a Jenkins job.
	4) Explain the architecture of Docker.
	5) What are the diff type of s3 events?
	6) What are the diff type of s3 buckets?
	7) Explain the difference btw EBS & EFS.
	8) Explain the CI/CD pipeline in Jenkins.
	9) What is Horizontal & Vertical scaling in AWS?
	10) How do you connect diff VPCs to each other?
	11) What is the best practice to secure AWS infrastructure?
	12) What are SQS and SNS?
	13) How do you connect a Private subnet to an internet gateway?
	14) What is the difference btw UDP & TCP?
	15) What is the Dead letter queue?
	16) Explain the architecture of Kubernetes.
	17) Tell the basic command of kubectl.
	18) Which default file is used to pass the value in the helm chart?
	19) What is the Zombie process?


Innova solutions

structure of devops teams 
ci cd jenkins explain in breef
how you generating artifect?
how your build pipeline converting packages ?
steps to check build and convert steps?
declative pipeline flow ci flow?
here you converting your packages to image?
pord container you need image where we'll convert image?
git action workflow
ansible, self module?
what is diffrence betwen role and module?
node infinity and pord infinity diffrences?
liveness?
how to access private subnet?
heml chart purpose? 
canary deployment?
blue green deployment?
if you want to run daily bases script what would you do?
restrose and backup jenkins?
jenkins plugins backup?, every 2 hr or daily, how will you do write script
what if backup file lost what option to restore jenkins?, 
you have ec2 intanbce which running on jenking and backup and pluging are in jenkins how will you do?
ebs snapshot?
envirement variable in jenkins?if you wanted a restrict pertiucular lambda and s3 bucket only i should use that hjow to do that?
if you have 2 aws account account a and b, you ec2 a should read ec2 b how to read that ?
you have s3 bucket and somepone has removed or pushed, how i can get notify ?
s3 changes sns notify
what is staefile in terraform?
k8s clusters?
if you wanted to add one service to monitor in graphana how will you do that?

