Mphasis

1) tell me about yourself.
2) explain your daily routine from morning to evening.
3) write a groovy script to fetch source code from github and checks the code.
4) write a codenift to fetch and @download binnary file, any Jar, war file from artifactory.
5) write a codenift to declare empty map.

	
Mphasis
	Duration: 36min
	Interviewer_name: Ashish Gautham
	Questions: 
	1) Tell me about yourself and your day-to-day activities.
	2) Explain the CI/CD setup
	3) What are repositories in Maven and how to find the dependency?
	4) Which type of pipeline do you and why?
	5) If Jenkins build is going on and fails, How do you troubleshoot this issue?
    6) How are you handling secrets in Jenkins?
    7) In the Build stage maven is unable to find the required artefacts, How do you troubleshoot.
    8) What commands you to copy files from one server to another server?
    9) How will you delete empty files in the Linux server?
	10) What is the use of the top command?
	11) What is lambda in AWS?
	12) What type of ELB are you using?
	13) What is diff btw TCP and UDP?
	14) What type of autoscaling are you using?
	15) Some services are unable to communicate with S3, What issue?
	16) Explain the DockerFile with instructions?
	17) What is the best way to delete the container?
	18) What is a terraform state?
	17) At which stage did Terraform install all required plugins?
	18) Explain the terraform modules you used.
	19) In Kubernetes what are common errors in pods?
	
Mphasis(2nd round) 
	Duration: 50min
	Interviewer_name: Ashish Gautham
	Questions: 
	1) Tell me about yourself and your day-to-day activities.
	2) How to do the GitHub administration task like how to protect the branch not any one commit from the developer side?
	3) If the Developer needs to review, PR to repo, How do you manage the rules as a DevOps engineer?
	4) How will provide user access for your new person in the team?
	5) On the GitHub side what were your responsibilities in your previous job?
    6) What type of application in your previous organisation?
    7) What are the various types of jobs experienced in Jenkins?
    8) What is diff btw a freestyle job and a pipeline job?
    9) In how many ways have you installed plugins in Jenkins?
	10) AS per organisation requirement, how can you install plugins by .hp5 file for scanning the build pipeline in Jenkins?
	11) What is shared libere in Jenkins?
	12) Can you explain the life cycle of Maven?
	13) Write the pipeline script at the high level it should include from git cloning up to deployment?
	14) What is role-based matric in Jenkins? (related to user management in Jenkins)
	15) Write a docker file for installing Ubuntu OS and explain?
	16) Write a deployment file in Kubernetes for the object of the replicaset?
	
