Msys
in aws let say you have got machine and there window service running to connect s3 bucket copy to local machine every 5 min how will you grant permission to copy ?
you got vpc wich with size, and subnet every utilies, i want to put same vpc, what would you do ?
can we modify cidr if machine already createdd?
yo uare hosting webpages using s3 bucket the bucket should bbe public and aws change no bucket will be as public , what change will you make?
in terraform what is null resources?
whre we use null resources?
in tf what is provisoner?
in tf where are can be define variable?
same variable in multiple file which value tf wiill take
how tf use statefile?
if tf file deleted what will happen?
in tf how to run user data to insTANCES
WHICH APP PROVIDE TPL file?
ec2 instances in same network but we don;t have ip left in vpc, how we'll do it without resizing vpc?
day to day activitry for SRE devOps eng?
cicd, how to manage deployments in kubernatics
manifist, you are already imp jenkisn and deploy in kubernatics how we can do do?
what would be deployment stratogy if we use jenkins for deployment?
k8s, some reason pv is not what will be issue
i have an app deployed in pod and some reason showing permission denied error, how will you handle that
k8s secrates how do yo manage secrates?
diffrence services type in k8s?
i have my database to be deploye in k8s, what will be the service type?
deployment statefull set?
what type of app we deploy in statefull set?
demonset what is purpose of it?
einstance type in aws for kuber natics cluster?
rbac how it works?
premethus and grafana?


Msys
Duration : 55 minutes
Interviewer : sasikumar Durai
Questions

1) tell me about yourself
2) asked about experience of each devops tools
3) Asked SFTP in linux
4) difference between gitpull and git fetch
5) about git revert
6) asked about jenkins pipeline
7) write a syntax of descriptive pipeline in jenkins
8) how ll u manage jenkins secrets
9) difference between daemon, statefull set and deployment
10) how ll do migrate data from on premises to aws cloud and how ll do set up
11) if you want to acces multiple vpc what is your approach
12) what is terraform backend
13) how ll u different statefile in terraform
14) how ll u connect multiple vpc
15) if suppose you have created two resources using terraform, how ll u give output of one resource to other resource
16) what is terraform count and foreach
17) about EKS
18)asked about ansible
19) asked about chef
20) what is the difference between nacl and security group
21) what is loadbalancer and their types
22) what HPA
23) how ll u secure data in s3 bucket for accidental delete
24) how to check memory usage in linux
25) how to check perticular file in linux
26) what is the default path for logs in linux
27) how to check logs in docker
28) how to check busy ports in linux
29) what is the differenec between. tfvars and variable.tf
30) how ll u do unit testing in terraform
31) some scenario based questions has asked
32) what is the difference between configmap and secrets
33) what is IAM
