Persistant Right
Duration : 30 minutes

Questions
1) introduce yourself briefly and your daily task
2) what are the elements of terraform
3) using terraform scripts create an instance and opens 30 random ports in security group as given by manager. 
	Where ll you define these port number in terraform script
4) consider a scenario you have created 50 instances manually but when manager asked to create 50 instance using terraform, 
	you don't create new 50 instance but when manager asked you to show newly created instance using terraform you have to 
	show manually created instance as created by terraform. How ll u write terraform for this and how will manage
5) how ll u list ami in ubuntu server
6) what is mount and file system
7) how ll u integrate ansible in cicd process
8) let's consider 50 servers, on some of servers python has already installed, write a ansible inventory to install python on 
	all server, if server already contains python installed on it means it ll  move to next instance and start to install python.
Write ansible inventory for this scenario
9) what is the difference between for and foreach in terraform
10) kubernetes cluster contains 2 replicas if we scale replicas to 5, then after scaling also it is showing replicas 
	scale =2 only, what is the reason for it
11) how ll integrate jenkins with kubernetes
12) have u worked on monitoring tools
13) have u done any automation
14) how ll do docker multi stage
15) how to set up EKS cluster
16) you have written terraform script for web application and api application when you run terraform apply command. 
	It ll reflect one by one random. But i want show api application first then web application how ll u do using terraform script

Persistent System Inc
1) how to access the private docker image through k8s
2)  ansible playbook script to write
3) statefull and deployment difference 
4) what is statefull-application
5) Prometheus and grafana basics
6) what is podaffinity


Persistent

aws architecture ? 
kubernate cluster?
how to manage kubernatate patch or update kubernatics? 
command kubernatics command?
structue of deployment yaml, kubernatic deployment write?
resource  limit and quota
what is init container? 
is it good practice to run multiple container in a pod?
diff between config map and secrets? 
sre principle keys?
what are day to day activity for devOps sre developer?
what are all application matrix we monitor, microservis what all matrix as devops engineer monitor?
aws, i have a 8 tear load balancer and 2 availability zone how, we can manage this services and availability zone?
active load balancing and passive load balancing ?
what will be 3 diffrent tire?
hat will be public and private subnet and which subnetwill talk load balancer?
which one will be public subnet?
what will be ip will be elastic or private or public?
ecs and eks which will be better options?
how to compare ec2 with eks ?
lambda function 
write lambda function?
how many minut lambda can run?
User
what are diffrernt type of load balancer?
automation can be done by python?
raform, what are diffrent way store state file?
what is tf module?
how do you manage diffrent env?

