Synechron
1.Tell me about yourself. 
2. About the previous company
3.Why immediately changing the company
4.What is the difference between security group and Nacl
5.what is cloud trial 
6.What is cloud watch 
7.What is the difference between S3 and EBS. 
8.EXPLAIN THE k8s arch. 
9.What is the services in k8s. 
10.command in terraform. 
11.what is PROVISNOER
12.what is task in ansible. 
13.What is the handlers in ansible. 
14.how to connect your ec2 machine. 
15.IN jenkins what is the null CI/CD WITH CONTINUES Delivery


Synechron
Duration : 30 minutes
Questions
1) tell me about yourself and day to day activity
2) tool you have worked
3) how ll u set up k8s cluster
4) how ll u integrate k8s with jenkins
5) how ll u do deployment in production environment on weekends explain process
6) how ll u create docker image from tar file
7) difference between blue green and canary
8) how ll u use same docker image in two different environment
9) how ll u set up two domain name for same application
10) how  ll u integrate monitoring tools with kubernetes cluster grafana and promethesis
11) do u know service now
12) how  ll u set up vpc
13) how ll u push docker image into ECR
14) where ll u store docker images
15) how ll u integrate sonarqube with Jenkins
16) which pipeline you are using in your application
Centralised or individual for each environment
17) how ll u troubleshoot OOM error in k8s
18) how ll u avoid pod eviction in your cluster
19) what is pod fix
20) how ll u use same docker image in two different environment
21) pod got out of memory how ll u trouble shoot


synechron
	Duration: 41min
	Interviewer_name: Narang
	Questions: 
	1) Tell me about yourself And day to day activities.
	2) What is the shell in Linux?
	3) What is the symbolic link?
	4) Explain the vi editor commands?
	5) What is inode in Linux?
	6) What is process kill in Linux?
	7) Linux command to check ram and cpu?
	7) What command you used for replacing words? 
	8) What is the port number for Jenkins?
	9) Explain the Jenkins pipeline stages?
	10) What are the private and public subnets in AWS?
	11) What are the different types of load balancers?
	12) What is the CIDR block in AWS?
	13) How create a docker image from pre-existing images?
    14) How to check the list of containers in docker?
    15) What is the deployment set and deployment controller in Kubernetes?
    16) How do see the pod logs?
    17) What is the difference btw CMD and entry point?
	

Synechron
what is servis which is responsible for getting the matrix in k8s cluester
how the matrix promate premethues to grafana?
logging tools?
how the logs get k8s to keeana?
shell script, write a want to find directory in existing task if file exit print something?
how do you declare array in shell script
how to create ressource in aws?
how to create ec2 in terraform?
i want create vpc in 3 avaibaility zone ? with subnet private, public
what is diff btw in private and public subnet?
i have one subnet i want to create 3 subnet in same resource block how i cana do in terraform
diff for_each and count in terraforms
ec2 instances and diffrece type of aws provice?
diff btw ondemand and hostspot instances?
i want a architecture i need to run pipeline basically web service what would recommnded for client and what question 
we'll ask f=with client?
client said i want webservice will be global?
which EC2 I should choose for my application


