valuelabs
1.Tell me about yourself
2.If you ever worked in SRE position
3. How to set up configure Prometheus to grafana 
4. How will you enable Prometheus and Gruffana to get all the matric data about your ports and node health extra
5. What is your role in Jenkins
6. Where are you build your docker image in which step
7. Write a Jenkins file
8. When you cheque in the repository what configuration you do on your Jenkins server so that it takes file from repository
9. I have a web application which has front end There is an api call which back end of it write Deployment file
10. I have one. file we are creating Touch command.txt . In this file, we have some commands are there You have to 
	write a shell script to execute sh pick one command from command.txt
11. You have a hello world application front end, which is running on my EC2 instance Minimum set of 2. I want to update 
	my code without downtime in the existing instance.
12.Can you share me the error you are facing in K8s.
13. Which docker you are using 

Company name: Value labs 
Duration : 30 mins
Interviewer name: Prashanth 
Questions :
1. Git asked me what all i did using git tool
2. What application you deployed on k8s using docker 
3. Terraform 
4. How did you secure ec2 instance
5. What is vpc what's your use case 
6. What exactly you did using Jenkins 
7. Shell script to delete 1st and 3rd character
8.What was the recent challenge you encountered and how did you resolve it ?

Value labs

3 tire architechture, hwo do you configugrare what are requeisremtsns?
in aws how to do you configure?
i fi want to get internet for private subnet how we can do that?
how to create cuustome polocy?, 
we have some data in s3 a account, that data should be download some where and it should be upladed to a account s3 account, how we can do that?
if i want want to access with in same account, in same account we have data and i want to upload and dwnload, is it possible, how we can do that?
there should be some configure path, how it will work there?
can we attach more role to instances?
what is use of s3 policies, when we requere s3 policies?
we have one instance linux, can't able to connect ssh, in this senarios what we need to check?
i have ssh key can't able to connect?
how to check instance status?
what is use of route53 and roles of route 53?
how many type of load balancer is there?
when we will use nework and application load balancer? 
jenkins, which type of jobs we create?
what are steps and stages in jenkins, can we call docker file in pipeline?
when we have deployment or release, you may face some issue where job got fail, how you can debug?
master slave configurations?
dynamic slave?
promethues graphana, how to create dashboard?
how we can create alert in graphana?
how we can create alert in graphana?


Value labs
there are some group of ec2 instances under vpc, and client has complein not able to do it with domain name, 
but with ip address client is able to acee, in vpc, how you will resolveif i want to use listout outstanding algorithum, 
loadbalancer, which type of load baalnce will you use?
algorithums suppt by application load balancer?
diffrecnce btwn application load balancer and network load balancer? side by side give answer
i have groups of events ec2, every i want to triiger lambda function based on event how to do that
how the lambda can be trigger by coud watch?cicd write script and how to manage ?
dockers and kubernatics?
what is tools to manage kubernatics cluster on ec2,
in side k8s cluster two service is there a and b, i want to use a and b for communicaiion pursope, and i don't want use cluster ip, you should use dns
 b is headless service? how we will use?
what is most main compponent invoved in worker node, which communicates to masternode/
i have an etct, etct compohensa, we have lost, ho we can get it back?
i was use postgres as database how we can use etcd, ?

